So now, with all of that out of the way, let's talk a little more about our actual business possibility. I know you all are eager to know how much our exciting idea can grow in the market.

First of all, what are our competitors? Well, none. Yeah seriously I'm not joking at all, don't bother watching the slide that is actually telling the opposite. I am telling the truth, just limited at the fact that was only what we were thinking.

Just a quick research on Google, and all of our hopes started to rapidly decline: what does prevent someone from simply using ChatGPT? And then, there are several apps that allow to organize travels, also with the help of AI, like Stippl and Wonderlog. But you know what they say, hope is the last thing to die, and in fact we found a HUGE amount of limitations: from the absence of document organization functionality, to limitation on the AI functionality, even the need to buy I one year 55$ circa subscription to a plan to simply be able to access the app offline.

But make no mistake: with our platform, you'll have the whole AI power in your hand with tuned results, a document organization functionality without a subscription and complete offline access to organized travels: they are your journeys, and truly always with you, this is our unique selling point.

Ok ok, now let's stop with the sweet words, let's talk about money, shall we? So, as a group, we decided to really push into advertising with the help of influencers and a market-specialized employee: this is why we have considerable debt in the first two years, a little more that 34000$ and almost 19000$. But we plan to acquire a lot of costumers by the start of the third year, about, 10400 users between premium and free one, that will help us reach 15032$ of profit at the end of the same year. Due to the huge amount of users, this year we also wanted to hire a development to help us adapting the system to the new amount of users.

And how we should acquire money you may ask? Shall your curiosity be satisfied. At the cost of three non-invasive banners, you will be able to user the service, apart for the document organization functionality, completely for free. Otherwise, if your trip is less or equal to one week, you can simply buy the space to organize the document for that trip for only $2.99, or $4.99 if it will require more than one week. We also plan to let you buy the premium plan in supermarkets and electronic store so you don't have to use your credit card, all for only one additional dollars: better that a frustrating and stupid subscription, don't you think?

So sharks, now it's your turn: are you ready to travel with us?